---
name: Nix's Studio Apartment
exits: 
    east: '0002'
    west: '0003'
locked:    
    west
items:
    terminal: '0006'
    im7000: '0002'
    bed: '0003'
    table: '0004'
    couch: '0005'
    blackbox: '0001'
npcs: 
    mouse: '0001'
---
The room is pretty drab compared to most people's living quarters, or so you've been told by others.  The slate gray metal walls are not covered with paint or coverings because you can't see them as anything but a slab of brown lights interwoven with spaces of red, blue and yellow.

To the **east** is the door to the wash and waste facilities.  And the **west** is the exit to the building hall way and the world outside.  The door is activated by a voice imprint lock code.  

In the southwest corner of the studio apartment you can find the food storage and preparation facilities.  The Instamatic 7000 (**im7000**) prepares any meal you could possibly desire from a substance you are thankful you can't actually see it beyond the liquid goo it appears to you as a mesh of lights that are still repugnant, but the food itself is tasty.

The south east corner is your favorite place - your **bed**.  You've been told the decor is outrageous, but the mattress is the most comfortable you can buy on the black market.  The sheets and blankets are the softest and warmest - only the richest of rich use such linens.  And the pillows are like little clouds.

A small round coffee **table** is situated in the middle of the room almost exactly.  Three quarters of the circle is surrounded by a **couch** made of leather, you are told it's black and doesn't match any of the decor.  But it's comfortable.  Across from the couch is an all purpose voice activated **terminal** for all your informational needs.  You are unable to actually see the information on the screen.  The colored light emitted from the screen is indistinguishable from individual colors. 

Your entire apartment is controlled by an AI you've nicknamed **MOUSE**.  Mouse is a tiny quantum neural computer the size of a deck of playing cards.  You don't go anywhere without the little **blackbox** you usually keep on the small table in the middle of your room when you are home.